Greetings y'all, Rob is out today so I'll (Stephanie) be filling in for this week's OS update.

Alex, last week wanted to write the records interface for impagination but instead embedded records inside the pages interface. He started unskipping previous tests and about half the test are passing. A WIP PR was opened for those changes, and he gave feedback to Ember impagination users regarding the open PR.

Goal for this week: Get 90% of the original test suite passing.

My goal last week did not happen since I did not take my OS day between attending Front Porch Conference and taking a day off.

Goal for this week: Get the fonts fixed (renaming the files) & start building out a rough home page.

Chris, last week cleaned up the `ember-let` repo and added badges, a code of conduct, and updated the README. That PR got merged in and so we were able to remove the WIP flag. As a result, `ember-let` is now up on npm/ember-observer and ready to be used! *insert party-parrot*

Goal for this week: Get a chance to look at emberx-select and tackle one of the issues for 3.0.

Rob, last week was able to fill out a good portion of the OSS wumbo repo. If you care what’s said in it, you should review the PR.

Goal for this week: Get the rails app that scrapes some weekly Github stats and sends the email for us up and running. Also would like to put together a spread sheet & KPIs for our OSS to track the health of it.

Hope everyone's week started off strong! We miss those that are missing from the office today, you've missed out on the cupcakes.
