Hello all my favorite people!

It looks like **last week** was a productive week for our open source!
Alex was able to sure up the pages interface API, Brandon helped
Stephanie get unstuck and migrated all the old blogs to the new
website, and I upgraded emberx-file-input to the latest ember cli to
solve deprecations. I'd like to say thank you Brandon for unsticking
Stephanie on the blog migration. Progress!

Another player has joined! **This week** Charles is joining the OSS
party. 👏

Charles is going to be working on microstates.js proper, which is
going to allow you to define all your state transitions in one class
rather than 5. His goal for this week is to get an MVP of the base
library for microstates set up, and add the microstates.js repo to our
oss-wumbo huboard.

Alex is continuing work on the imagination.js pages interface
API. There was good progress made last week and he's almost ready to
start test driving the API. His goal for this week is to start writing
tests for the new pages API.

Stephanie is now moving on to actually building the new website
styles. Hooray! She's currently looking at all the different grid
options, so if you have an opinion now would be your time to voice
it. She's leaning towards using Bourbon & Neat. Her goal for this week
is to settle on a grid system and start building out some styles.

I'm going to actually do the work on x-select this week, which means I
have to add an option to disable the two way data binding. I also
would like to finish off filling out the README of our oss-wumbo
repo. So my goals for this week are to try and ship x-select version
v2.2.0, and finish off the first pass at our oss-wumbo repo.

**One last thing...**

If you find yourself without anything to do and want to contribute to
our open source,
[here's a handly link](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Athefrontside+is%3Apublic)
that lists all of the issues on our repos. Just make sure it's apart
of a project we're looking to ship in 2016:

- emberx-select 3.0.0 (Rob)
- ember-microstates (Charles)
- impagination 1.0.0 (Alex)
- ember-impagination 1.0.0 (Alex)
- Frontside website (Stephanie)
- emberx-range-input 2.0.0 (Stephanie)
- emberx-file-reader? (Charles)
- ember-cli-browserstack (Rob)
- ember-introjs (Rob)
- Frontside native app? (Rob)

Hopefully by the end of the week we will have a central place to find this list in the oss-wumbo repo. That is, if I reach my goal 😊

I hope everyone has a great and productive week!
