What's up everybody!? It's the third week of the OSS weekly email and
we're still going! You know what they say, it takes three weeks to
make a habit. Or at least I say that...

**Last week** was another productive week!

Alex wrote the first set of tests for how the pages interface will
work in impagination. He's starting to work on a records interface
that will be lazy loaded, like the new pages interface.

_Goal for this week:_ Build the initial records interface and TDD
it. Also to communicate to the impagination community what is being
working on.

Stephanie selected the grid we're going to use for our next
website. It's going to be Bootstrap v4 because it's the most robust
CSS grid that uses flexbox, which was important to us. There were a
couple of snags getting bootstrap to work with middleman, but Stanley
was able to help. She also added the new fonts to the website, but
needs to change the file names.

_Goal for this week:_ Get the fonts fixed (renaming the files) & start
building out a rough home page.

It's Chris's first week! Welcome to the Frontside, Chris. All of us
are very excited to work with you! For his first OSS day he's going to
continue working on ember-let, which you can think about as a more
robust `{{#with}}` helper. You might remember it from the microstates
Lunch & Learn Charles gave as `{{#bind}}`.

_Goal for this week:_ Bring the
[ember-let](https://github.com/thefrontside/ember-let) repo up to
Frontside open source standards. Like adding the badges, filling out the
documentation, adding a change log, filling out the labels, etc.

For me, I shipped x-select v2.2.0! Which means I updated ember-cli to
2.6.2 and added a config option to enable one way data binding. I was
also able to update ember-cli to 2.6.2 for x-range-input and also
remove two way data binding from it.

Goal for this week: Complete the oss-wumbo repo README and create a
template for the weekly email notes.

Hope everyone's week started off strong! Let's keep up the good work :)
